- My big pro tip is always break it up.
Break it up in terms
of the different blocks
of the app that you're trying to make.
So, one, it's always helpful
to actually tell the model,
"Here's the project
we're making as a whole,"
so it understands the whole
picture or the whole story
of the thing you're about to make.
Then, you can actually say,
"Cool, I have this app I'm going to make.
Let's start with the first part."
And then, when it does
that first part, say,
"Now, let's do the second part."
And you can build it brick by brick.
And when you do that, it's helpful,
because one, it'll probably get it right
because it's actually focusing
on the very specific
tasks you're giving it.
But two, it's actually
easier to correct errors
because if you ask it to
make this whole big thing,
you don't actually know
where it messed up.
But if you're doing brick by brick,
you know exactly which one
actually causes that fault.
So, be a little patient with it
and break it up into steps
just like you would if you
were to give any person
a really complex task,
and it'll go a long way.